docs/faq.md, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions

??? question "Are you allowed to store data outside the VA's intranet?"

    Yes, but the system must be authorized for use by the VA. Additionally, the data stored in the system is limited
    by the system's categorization (impact level). The VA maintains a listing of approved commercial products at
    [https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/](https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/)

??? question "Are you out of policy for not using va.gov domains?"

    No, the VA Handbook 6102 states that "***VA Websites*** must use the va.gov domain." VA Websites by definition are 
    sites owned and operated by the VA. We utilize va.gov domains for all sites operated with the VA. However, SaaS 
    products (eg [https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/](https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/)) are owned and operated by 
    commercial entities. These sites operate under domains registered by the vendor.

??? question "Are you storing Personal Identifiable Information (PII) or Protected Health Information (PHI) outside the VA's intranet?"

    No, all data is stored within the AWS offering on the VA Enterprise Cloud.

??? question "How do you handle POAMs for applications?"

    If a security requirement cannot be met, either due to a technical blocker or because the product team believes 
    that the risk of not completing a requirement before launching into production, the App Dev Team and App Assessor can 
    capture POAM details in the SD Element countermeasure(s) and review the risk with their assigned AO. If the AO accepts 
    the POAM and risk, the App Assessor will capture the documented decision and then provide a partial pass verification 
    on the specific SD Element countermeasure(s)

Commit message:

Create poam.md (#7)
* Create poam.md

introducing poams as a new policy for Lighthouse cATO

* Update mkdocs.yml

including poams page to navigation

* Update faq.md

updated our FAQ page to point to our new poam guide resource page

* poam example screenshots

poam example screenshots

* Update poam.md

Added poam example images

* Update poam.md

described the difference between countermeasure status vs. verification status

docs/faq.md, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions

??? question "Are you allowed to store data outside the VA's intranet?"

    Yes, but the system must be authorized for use by the VA. Additionally, the data stored in the system is limited
    by the system's categorization (impact level). The VA maintains a listing of approved commercial products at
    [https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/](https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/)

??? question "Are you out of policy for not using va.gov domains?"

    No, the VA Handbook 6102 states that "***VA Websites*** must use the va.gov domain." VA Websites by definition are 
    sites owned and operated by the VA. We utilize va.gov domains for all sites operated with the VA. However, SaaS 
    products (eg [https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/](https://www.oit.va.gov/marketplace/)) are owned and operated by 
    commercial entities. These sites operate under domains registered by the vendor.

??? question "Are you storing Personal Identifiable Information (PII) or Protected Health Information (PHI) outside the VA's intranet?"

    No, all data is stored within the AWS offering on the VA Enterprise Cloud.

??? question "How do you handle POAMs for applications?"

    Check out our guide on how we create and accept [POAMs](poam.md) at Lighthouse.
